(upbeat music)
So the JavaScript we've been writing so far,
you'll see that we're just sticking values
into variables with sometimes, it's a number,
sometimes, it's some text, we've seen true and false,
so what are all these things
and what are all of the different
possible options that we have?
And these are what are referred to in JavaScript as types.
Anytime that you have a value,
and value is something that can be stuck into a variable
or passed to a function like console.log.
So all of those fall into
one of the seven types in JavaScript.
So the types in JavaScript can be remembered
by remembering SNOB N US if...
I'm joking, that's terrible.
You'll never remember that.
Just Google it if you need to remember it,
or memorize it right before you go into a job interview,
but the different types are String.
That's the S.
You get the point.
The different types are String, Number, Object,
Boolean, Null,
Undefined, and Symbol.
So if we take a look real quick at them,
String is any time that you have some text,
so you'll often see that in a single, a double quote
or a back tick.
We'll talk about that.
Number is obviously a number.
That goes for both numbers that do
and do not have decimal places in them.
Some other languages have different types for numbers
that have decimals and numbers that don't,
like they're floats and integers.
We just have one value in JavaScript, one type.
Object is a bit of a special one.
Let's put that at the end here
because everything in JavaScript is an Object,
and we're gonna understand what that is
when we start to hit methods,
but essentially everything in JavaScript
is an Object,
and a lot of the things that we use,
like functions and arrays and dates,
they are just objects at the end of the day.
So these ones are referred to
as what are the primitive types,
and Object is a bit of a special one.
Then we have Boolean.
That's true or false.
We have Null and Undefined.
Those are two ways to say nothing.
If you wanna set something to nothing,
you can set it to null or undefined.
We'll talk about the difference between those two.
And then Symbol is sort of a new one to JavaScript,
and it will always give us
sort of a guaranteed unique identifier,
and that's helpful for when you are trying
to come up with a unique ID
or unique identifier
inside of an Object
when you wanna make sure you're not accidentally
overwriting something that has also been named that,
so those are the seven types that we have.
SNOB N US or SNOBUSN.
I like to do, as a Canadian...
I'm joking.
Those are terrible.
You'll never remember those,
but let's get into the next videos
and dive a little deeper on each of the types.